So in previous tutorial I told you we already created a filter for filtering and checking that part.
Now what we are going to do or what we are going to perform, it's common thing.
If you haven't noticed that this is my encryption filter and everything I'm going to mention here.
So.
I keep it like this.
You may delete that part.
Also, I just told you how we are going to create filter palette here.
In Java.
So you can delete this part or you can keep it as like this one.
So I changed to index part to mention little mention like like image or message.
For this part, we throw them with the text area.
I decided to create this part and everything.
So that's index symbol form method I created with post.
Now this is my response team, which is going to put encrypted and decrypted data here.
So let me just use I already created one class and everything there.
So let me use that part directly here first.
I already.
Volume already created due to time constraint.
I will explain to you how it's going to work.
Basically, what this is I'm going to use.
Okay.
So nothing is required to encrypt.
Filter is working now.
So what is this thing?
So this is my Encrypt Freedom program.
Instead of using Java, I'm using here.
And this filter thing.
Also looking glass with silver is with stippling.
So it will deploy.
My part again.
So.
Let me do one thing.
Let me close my heart so it will not deploy.
So encrypt part I already created.
I'm mentioning static final boolean, boolean and filter config as it is.
Then do filter for the filtration filter and message.
So I am taking log messages message and similar thing.
I'm going to use Q generator, but here I am using get sometimes D is not a is algorithm I'm using I'm
using here D is EDI which is very strong.
Algorithm to build is encryption which is using which is very strong tedious algorithm triple.
This is not like it's creating a decryption format, like it's encrypted multiple times.
It's decrypted multiple times to avoid the most security leaks it's performing in.
First I mention only A.
S, so it's one time only.
So instead of this, I'm using triple time.
It's triple thing.
Then I'm setting the attributes here or and request dispatcher response.
So.
Wait a minute.
For me, it's a response, so it will go directly to that part response.
JSP With request and with all these things.
So.
It's currently no running water.
So if you want to check, you can check that it's running.
And that's the log part here.
So.
Oh, deploying is a simple thing.
Let me go to this encryption.
Let me suggest.
Hello?
Boy.
I already created helloworld encrypt data.
So it will encrypt data for me.
Now you can check.
This might equal this encrypted algorithm, this hello world is this.
If you want to check another thing.
I am order of this application.
US.
I mean, they maintain.
Okay.
So that's a random message I'm creating.
And this is created.
So.
I created both platforms on the same part.
Let me tell you why I created to show this not performing the application part.
What you can do.
You can create encryption data filters next and decryption data filters in another program.
If I want to send data, you can put and send this data to your friend or you can check.
So if someone is accessing data, no one can understand what is this meaning?
There is no meaning for this.
And there are square squares also.
But it's decrypting and encoder of this application.
Ask me anything by.
So this is how it's working.
The encryption and decryption of data always.
So I created one simple platform.
You can vote, you can extend it more, you can create chat application with this ciphertext.
I already told you you can handle messaging strings like this and then furthermore part.
So hope you understand and I will explain little briefly this code.
If you want to choose, you can delete this part.
This is no longer required.
So I'm using here the these as my key in.
For the previous part, I told you how it's working first with the encrypted mode, I'm creating encrypted
and decrypted and I'm printing and putting that request dispatcher to this.
If I'm waiting the catching error, it will print me this.
You can easily do it.
So let's but problem with servlet is it's printing the output in console also.
So that might be a one data bridge here also.
So you can check here if you are putting this in filter, you might get this.
Also, if I'm using servlet, you will not get this all back end part.
But what is this servlet log context and why I'm putting this?
I can now create one database entries with these log files.
Hope you understand.
Thank you.